* Adapt changelog (#25)
iqm-finland/iqm-client: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

Version 2.2
===========

> * Publish JSON schema for the circuit run request sent to an IQM quantum computer. `#24 <https://github.com/iqm-finland/iqm-client/pull/24>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Publish JSON schema for the circuit run request sent to an IQM server. `#24 <https://github.com/iqm-finland/iqm-client/pull/24>`_
```
